Mesh: GPU-Accelerated Differentiable Deformation Energies (#1831)
NVIDIA/physicsnemo: docs/api/mesh/transformations.rst

   :meth:`~physicsnemo.mesh.domain_mesh.DomainMesh.validate` explicitly when a
   deformation could compromise validity.

> For optimization-time geometric penalties on a fixed topology, see

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For optimization-time geometric penalties on a fixed topology, refer to
```
